<em>Interactions.org News Wire -- null (Fri May 22 14:15:04 CDT 2015)</em>
<b>Newswire: 30 April 2015 - 
Arts@CERN announces three winning artists and launches an open call</b>: Arts@CERN, CERN’s official engagement with the arts, is today announcing three winning art projects from the different strands, Accelerate@CERN and Collide@CERN, as well as launching the international open call for Collide@CERN in digital arts. Now in its fifth year, Arts@CERN has welcomed more than 70 artists to the Laboratory.
<b>Newswire: 30 April 2015 - Towards the realization of a global neutrino infrastructure</b>: The agency representatives and laboratory directors gathered at the 2nd International Meeting on Large Neutrino Infrastructures hosted at Fermilab on 20 - 21 April 2015, reiterated their firm belief that neutrino physics is a worldwide research priority in fundamental physics. As was stated by the Nobel Prize winner Carlo Rubbia at the meeting: "The neutrino together with the Higgs, are so far the only elementary particles whose basic properties are still largely unknown". 
<b>Interactions.org Newsdigest 20 April 2015</b>: Italian neutrino experiment to move to the US -- Mu2e breaks ground on experiment seeking new physics -- It's big. It's important. It's coming to Fermi -- What is dark energy? -- Biggest dark matter detector lies in wait for antisocial WIMPs -- 'A god that could be real' in the scientific universe -- 'Supersymmetry' art show puts you inside a particle accelerator -- MIT physicists develop new tabletop particle detector -- Physicists detect radio waves from a single electron -- Physicists detect radio waves from a single electron -- Project 8 and the ghost in the particle machine -- Largest structure ever found is a really cold hole -- Dark matter's deep reach -- Dark matter may feel a “dark force” that the rest of the universe does not -- 
Dark matter is (probably) more complex than you think 
<b>Interactions.org Newsdigest 20 April 2015</b>: In defense of scientism and the joys of self-publishing -- 
Life underground: Anything anyone would teach me -- Building a neutrino detector -- 
Mapping the cosmos: Dark Energy Survey creates detailed guide to spotting dark matter -- 
Physics community to discuss latest results of the AMS experiment -- 
Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider smashes record for polarized proton luminosity at 200 gev collision energy -- 
Mapping the cosmos: Dark Energy Survey creates detailed guide to spotting dark matter -- 
Scientists map the dark matter around millions of galaxies -- 
Japan accelerator poised to go fully operational -- 
Physicists try to make sense of a dark matter puzzle from space -- 
Detailed map of dark matter announced -- 
Dark matter may not be completely dark, new study concludes -- 
How to do particle physics on the cheap -- 
What does the Higgs boson sound like? [video] -- 
How does new dark matter evidence fit together? -- 
Subatomic particles over time: Graphics from the archive, 1952-2015 -- 
Dark matter maps shed light on secrets of universe -- 
Dark matter is really dark, but not totally dark: Scientists are dialing in the darkness -- 
Scientists are creating the first maps of the universe’s dark matter -- 
Scientists release largest map yet of dark matter in the cosmos -- 
Dark matter illuminated in new high-resolution maps -- 
Scientists create dark matter 'map' to see invisible space -- 
World's supercollider takes big step forward -- 
Dark matter map unveils first results -- 
Dark matter mapped at cosmic scale -- 
New dark matter map confirms current theories -- 
DES releases dark matter map -- 
Giant atom smasher revs up: Physicists reveal what they're looking for -- 
Rainbows and mini black holes -- Turn your smartphone into a particle detector for cosmic rays
<b>Newswire: 22 April 2015 - ICARUS neutrino experiment to move to Fermilab</b>: A group of scientists led by Nobel laureate Carlo Rubbia will transport the world's largest liquid-argon neutrino detector across the Atlantic Ocean to its new home at the U.S. Department of Energy's Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory
<b>Newswire: 13 April 2015 - Mapping the cosmos: Dark Energy Survey creates detailed guide to spotting dark matter</b>: Scientists on the Dark Energy Survey have released the first in a series of dark matter maps of the cosmos. These maps, created with one of the world's most powerful digital cameras, are the largest contiguous maps created at this level of detail and will improve our understanding of dark matter's role in the formation of galaxies. Analysis of the clumpiness of the dark matter in the maps will also allow scientists to probe the nature of the mysterious dark energy, believed to be causing the expansion of the universe to speed up.
<b>Newswire: 9 April 2015 -  Berkeley Lab and INFN: CUORE - Early results from an ultra-cold neutrino experiment</b>: An international team of scientists releases early results from the
CUORE experiment with implications for why there's more matter than
antimatter in the universe. Today an international team of nuclear physicists announced the first
scientific results from the Cryogenic Underground Observatory for Rare
Events (CUORE) experiment. CUORE, located at the INFN Gran Sasso National
Laboratories in Italy, is designed to confirm the existence of the
Majorana neutrino, which scientists believe could hold the key to why
there is an abundance of matter over antimatter. Or put another way: why
we exist in this universe.
<b>Newswire: 5 April 2015 - CERN: LHC restart update</b>: Geneva, 5 April 2015. After two years of intense maintenance and consolidation, and several months of preparation for restart, the Large Hadron Collider, the most powerful particle accelerator in the world, is back in operation. Today at 10.41am, a proton beam was back in the 27-kilometer ring, followed at 12.27pm by a second beam rotating in the opposite direction. These beams circulated at their injection energy of 450 GeV. Over the coming days, operators will check all systems before increasing energy of the beams.
<b>Newswire: 2 April 2015 - CERN: LHC restart update</b>: After a shutdown lasting two years, the Large Hadron Collider (LHC), the world’s biggest and most powerful particle accelerator, is ready once again for the arrival of particle beams. The teams are completing the final tests after having solved on 31 March the problem that had been delaying the restart of the accelerator. The first beams could be circulating in the machine sometime between Saturday and Monday. “We are confident of being able to restart the machine over the weekend, as all of the tests performed so far have been successful,” said Frédérick Bordry, Director for Accelerators and Technology at CERN.
<b>Interactions.org Newsdigest 28 March 2015</b>: The dawn of DUNE -- Vote LUX, and give an underdog a chance -- LHC restart update -- 28 March 2015 - BBC News
What is the point of the Large Hadron Collider? -- 
Quantum physics: 'Spooky action' demonstrated again proving Einstein wrong -- 
Activists welcome HC order staying work on neutrino project -- 
Large Hadron Collider just might melt ots way out of a glitch -- 
X-rays probe LHC for cause of short circuit -- 
Theory of the Strong Interaction Verified -- 
Dark matter 'ghosts' through galactic smash-ups -- 
Neutrino Project on Hold, Court Asks Govt to get Green Nod First -- 
Madras HC Retrains Centre from Commencing Work on India-based Neutrino Observatory -- 
Colliding galaxy clusters offer strongest case yet for dark matter -- 
Better ‘cosmic candles’ to illuminate dark energy -- 
Three ways to fix the LHC before its big reboot -- 
The dawn of DUNE -- 
CERN battles short circuit behind LHC delay -- 
Large Hadron Collider restart delayed -- 
Short circuit in magnet delays start of CERN's Large Hadron Collider -- 
Electric fault delays relaunch of CERN collider after two-year refit -- 
Earth's most powerful physics machine gets back in action -- 
LHC restart: Short circuit slows preparations -- 
Short circuit in magnet delays Large Hadron Collider's restart -- 
India-based Neutrino Observatory faces a new hurdle -- 
Universe may be on the brink of collapse (on the cosmological timescale) -- 
The Large Hadron Collider is starting back up. Here's what scientists hope to find.' -- 
Mini black holes in Large Hadron Collider 'could prove existence of parallel universes' -- 
Big Bang theory could be debunked by Large Hadron Collider -- 
Doing astronomy with neutrinos
<b>Newswire: 16 March 2015 - Kavli IPMU given a long-term future</b>: In 2007, the government launched the World Premier International Research Center Initiative program to build "globally visible" research centers within Japan and established five centers across the country. Last month, the WPI Program Committee examined each center carefully, and concluded that all centers had met the goal of the WPI program and declared each "World Premier Status" for the significant achievements they have made. Among the five centers, Kavli IPMU has been nominated for a 5-year extension, as a "highly exceptional case whose achievements are far beyond the very high WPI standard."
